Refresh the HWg-STE Sensor documentation (#3197)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-hwgste-snmp.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **HWg-STE Sensor** brings a host template:

* **HW-Sensors-HWgSTE-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensors-HWgSTE-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensors-HWgSTE-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                            | Service Description            |
|:---------------|:--------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensor-HWgSTE-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensor-HWgSTE-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors of the device |
```
